
AUNT VICKY

With regard to the working title, your aunt Vicky had this to say: "My intentions have always been for the best. This document must refer to some other person, whom I have never met, and to whom I could not possibly be related."


A Fete Worse than Death


It was a fate worse than death, or so it seemed to Greg Martin as he
   circulated aimlessly, drink in hand, around the combination party
   and working session held by hard core elements of the Democratic
   Party on the night of the 2020 New Hampshire Primary. The party
   seemed to have the function space of an entire wing of the Nashua
   Radisson and was using perhaps a third of it. The candidates were
   all at their own parties at different hotels, big fish in their own
   ponds. Wall-mounted screens showed network tv scenes of the
   candidates making speaches and volunteers working hard at various
   candidate headquarters. Occasionally updated numbers would appear
   on the screen and be greeted reflexively by those present with
   cheers or boos or both. Greg didn't recognize anyone present other
   than his S.O., Jana, who had desired his escort, but who was now
   enmeshed in a very political discussion to design a
   reinterpretation of the precinct-level projections. Even as a
   senior software architect, Greg didn't see any way to contribute to
   that discussion and he more or less hoped that the whole thing
   would come to nothing because for him numbers didn't require
   interpretation. On each circuit of the ballroom, he see Jana still
   standing there with the same people, her beige pantsuit and pink
   kerchief tie made her easy to spot amoung the off-the-rack suits
   and businesslike power dresses. It was about ten PM. The rubber
   chicken had all been eaten. The bartender at the small cash bar
   looked lonely. Greg was tired of standing. The available chairs
   seemed to be all in use by people using laptops or watching the tv
   screens. He decided to take a walk down the hallway.  In one of the
   unused small breakout-session rooms he found a seat on a small
   upholstered couchlike thing next to woman reading a book. She had
   the right idea. He should have thought ahead. He wondered what she
   was reading and wanted to look at her for all the usual reasons
   that a man might enjoy looking at a woman. He felt the social
   repulsion field whereby a man who wants to look at an attractive
   woman is denied the opportunity. He looked as directly at the book
   as possible. She was approximately halfway through War and
   Peace. She was well prepared for the evening!  Her blonde hair
   cascaded in tight ringlets past her shoulders. She wore an elegant
   floor-length green dress, far outclassing anything he'd seen at the
   party, probably silk, probably fitted to her. He didn't know a lot
   about dresses, but he knew that one was doing a lot of work to look
   like it was one piece of fabric that just happened to drape that
   way. He couldn't quite figure out where the slit ended. She wore
   tall stilleto pumps that matched her dark red lipstick.  She put
   the book away into a large black purse. "You're looking at the
   slit. It doesn't have any modesty buttons because I *have* no
   modesty. Some people might consider that a failing." She looked him
   directly in the eye.  "Okay," he said, putting himself in her
   hands. "where does it end?"  She stood and her dress somehow
   adjusted itself such that when she sat back down he was treated to
   an inch-wide view of appealing thigh that seemed to go on forever
   or perhaps ended under the purely decorative matching belt of the
   high-waisted dress.  "Okay, I'm going to say it ends in your
   armpit."  "One does not speak of a lady's armpits. I don't think a
   lady actually *has* armpits. Not being a lady, myself, however, I
   can't demonstrate."
