Persona project
I'm working to create the best voice interface for me.
This is a chat agent with speach to llm to speech.

I did a lot of work evaluating components to use.
Chatterbox and Whisper are great.

Python note: I want to use uv and the inline metadata
format (PEP-739) to manage dependencies.
uv init --script mypythoncode.py


Architecture
speech input -> STT transcribes -> pre-llm-dispatcher -> LLM -> TTS
100% local. I might add cloud models, but I don't need it today.
Three AI models are used. This is a problem because
I want to accelerate what I can with an 12gb NVIDIA RTX 3060.
I read that vllm (LLM host server) manages the VRAM -- this sounds
good to me.

My problems:
I have been trying to get this to work in a single Python program.
The hundreds of dependencies have cost me weeks of time.
We could put each model in its own server.
Three processes, maybe we use OpenAI's API?

1) Whisper for speech input. I'm using RealtimeSTT.
   Do you have any suggestions? RealtimeSTT is slow.
   I have not tried to tune it. It works superbly.
   I need this level of accuracy.

A chat LLM

User requirements, behavior of system.
No wake word, if we can add it later. I don't like them.
speech input -> STT transcribes -> pre-llm-dispatcher -> LLM -> TTS

we now have text
call a function "pre-llm-dispatcher" for commands that don't
go to the llm, but they can speak a response.

Now we call the LLM.
Take the text result and send it to Chatterbox.
I will want to switch Chatterbox voices, but that
can be done in the main program via a call parameter.


Research I've done:

Chatterbox-TTS # I made custom voices that I like a lot.
Chatterbox's Python requirements make it difficult to integrate.

The LLM must be pluggable, switchable from a UI, and switchable
from voice input. Perhaps switching is a tool call or an MCP?
I will need every bit of efficiency here because I do have
some NVIDIA CUDA GPUs, but not very powerful.


Whisper STT, # I'm currently using Kolja Bagel's RealtimeSTT wrapper for it.
Whisper is another thing that's difficult to integrate
